PRIVACY POLICY

Last updated August 31, 2026

This Privacy Notice for MartinezStudio (" we," "us," or "our "), describes how
and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ("process ") your
personal information when you use our services ("Services"), including when
you:

Download and use our mobile application (Ostinova), or any other
application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice

Engage with us in other related ways, including any marketing or
events

Questions or concerns? Reading this Privacy Notice will help you
understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making
decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not
agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you
still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
support@martinezstudio.dev.

SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

This summary provides key points from our Privacy Notice, but you can
find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link
following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find
the section you are looking for.

What personal information do we process? When you visit, use, or
navigate our Services, we may process personal information depending on
how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the
products and features you use. Learn more about personal information you
disclose to us.

Do we process any sensitive personal information? Some of the
information may be considered "special" or "sensitive" in certain jurisdictions,
for example your racial or ethnic origins, sexual orientation, and religious
beliefs. We do not process sensitive personal information.

Do we collect any information from third parties? We do not collect any
information from third parties.

How do we process your information? We process your information to
provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process
your information for other purposes with your consent. We process your
information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn more
about how we process your information.

In what situations and with which parties do we share personal
information? We may share information in specific situations and with
specific third parties. Learn more about when and with whom we share your
personal information.

How do we keep your information safe? We have adequate organizational
and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal
information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or
information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we
cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other


unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Learn more
about how we keep your information safe.

What are your rights? Depending on where you are located geographically,
the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your
personal information. Learn more about your privacy rights.

How do you exercise your rights? The easiest way to exercise your rights
is by submitting a data subject access request, or by contacting us. We will
consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data
protection laws.

Want to learn more about what we do with any information we
collect? Review the Privacy Notice in full.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?
3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL
INFORMATION?
4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES?
5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?
6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?
7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?
8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?
9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES
10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?
13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE
COLLECT FROM YOU?

1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information you disclose to us

In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us.

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you
express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and
Services, when you participate in activities on the Services, or otherwise
when you contact us.

Sensitive Information. We do not process sensitive information.

Payment Data. We may collect data necessary to process your payment if
you choose to make purchases, such as your payment instrument number,
and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment
data is handled and stored byApple Inc.. You may find their privacy notice
link(s) here: https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/.

Application Data. If you use our application(s), we also may collect the
following information if you choose to provide us with access or permission:

Mobile Device Data. We automatically collect device information (such
as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer), operating system,
version information and system configuration information, device and
application identification numbers, browser type and version, hardware
model Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, and Internet
Protocol (IP) address (or proxy server). If you are using our
application(s), we may also collect information about the phone
network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s
operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your
mobile device’s unique device ID, and information about the features
of our application(s) you accessed.

This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of
our application(s), for troubleshooting, and for our internal analytics and
reporting purposes.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and
accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal
information.


Information automatically collected

In Short: Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address
and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when
you visit our Services.

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate
the Services. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your
name or contact information) but may include device and usage information,
such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating
system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country,
location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other
technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the
security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics and
reporting purposes.

The information we collect includes:

Log and Usage Data. Log and usage data is service-related,
diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers
automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which
we record in log files. Depending on how you interact with us, this log
data may include your IP address, device information, browser type,
and settings and information about your activity in the Services(such
as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files
viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features
you use), device event information (such as system activity, error
reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).

Device Data. We collect device data such as information about your
computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the
Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include
information such as your IP address (or proxy server), device and
application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware
model, Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating
system, and system configuration information.

Location Data. We collect location data such as information about your
device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. How much
information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device
you use to access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and
other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current
location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to
collect this information either by refusing access to the information or
by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you
choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the
Services.

2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short: We process your information to provide, improve, and administer
our Services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to
comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes
with your consent.

We process your personal information for a variety of reasons,
depending on how you interact with our Services, including:

To respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. We may
process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any
potential issues you might have with the requested service.

To request feedback. We may process your information when
necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of
our Services.

To deliver targeted advertising to you. We may process your
information to develop and display personalized content and
advertising tailored to your interests, location, and more.

To evaluate and improve our Services, products, marketing, and
your experience. We may process your information when we believe
it is necessary to identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of
our promotional campaigns, and to evaluate and improve our Services,
products, marketing, and your experience.

To identify usage trends. We may process information about how
you use our Services to better understand how they are being used so
we can improve them.


3. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR
PERSONAL INFORMATION?

In Short: We may share information in specific situations described in this
section and/or with the following third parties.

Vendors, Consultants, and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may
share your data with third-party vendors, service providers, contractors, or
agents ("third parties ") who perform services for us or on our behalf and
require access to such information to do that work. We have contracts in
place with our third parties, which are designed to help safeguard your
personal information. This means that they cannot do anything with your
personal information unless we have instructed them to do it. They will also
not share your personal information with any organization apart from us.
They also commit to protect the data they hold on our behalf and to retain it
for the period we instruct.

The third parties we may share personal information with are as follows:

Advertising, Direct Marketing, and Lead Generation

Google Admob

Web and Mobile Analytics

PostHog

We also may need to share your personal information in the following
situations:

Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in
connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of
company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our
business to another company.

4. WHAT IS OUR STANCE ON THIRD-PARTY
WEBSITES?

In Short: We are not responsible for the safety of any information that you
share with third parties that we may link to or who advertise on our Services,
but are not affiliated with, our Services.

The Services may link to third-party websites, online services, or mobile
applications and/or contain advertisements from third parties that are not
affiliated with us and which may link to other websites, services, or
applications. Accordingly, we do not make any guarantee regarding any such
third parties, and we will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by the
use of such third-party websites, services, or applications. The inclusion of a
link towards a third-party website, service, or application does not imply an
endorsement by us. We cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of data you
provide to any third-party websites. Any data collected by third parties is not
covered by this Privacy Notice. We are not responsible for the content or
privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other
websites, services, or applications that may be linked to or from the Services.
You should review the policies of such third parties and contact them directly
to respond to your questions.

5. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?

In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless otherwise required by law.

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for
the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice, unless a longer retention period is
required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal
requirements).

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your
personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or,
if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has
been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal
information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is
possible.


6. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?

In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of
organizational and technical security measures.

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and
organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any
personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and
efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the Internet
or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and
improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will
do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal
information to and from our Services is at your own risk. You should only
access the Services within a secure environment.

7. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?

In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under
18 years of age.

We do not knowingly collect, solicit data from, or market to children under 18
years of age, nor do we knowingly sell such personal information. By using
the Services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent
or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of
the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18
years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take
reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you
become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age
18, please contact us at support@martinezstudio.dev.

8. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?

In Short: You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time,
depending on your country, province, or state of residence.

Withdrawing your consent: If we are relying on your consent to process
your personal information, which may be express and/or implied consent
depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent
at any time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by
using the contact details provided in the section "HOW CAN YOU CONTACT
US ABOUT THIS NOTICE? " below.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing
before its withdrawal nor, when applicable law allows, will it affect the
processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful
processing grounds other than consent.

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email
us at support@martinezstudio.dev.

9. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile
applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or setting you can
activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online
browsing activities monitored and collected. At this stage, no uniform
technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has been
finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or
any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be
tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow
in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this
Privacy Notice.

California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser
DNT signals. Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for
recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not respond to them at this time.

10. DO UNITED STATES RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC
PRIVACY RIGHTS?


In Short: If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut,
Delaware, Florida, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana,
Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Rhode Island, Tennessee,
Texas, Utah, or Virginia, you may have the right to request access to and
receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and
how we have processed it, correct inaccuracies, get a copy of, or delete your
personal information. You may also have the right to withdraw your consent
to our processing of your personal information. These rights may be limited in
some circumstances by applicable law. More information is provided below.

Categories of Personal Information We Collect

The table below shows the categories of personal information we have
collected in the past twelve (12) months. The table includes illustrative
examples of each category and does not reflect the personal information we
collect from you. For a comprehensive inventory of all personal information
we process, please refer to the section "WHAT INFORMATION DO WE
COLLECT? "

CategoryExamplesCollected
Contact details, such as real name,
alias, postal address, telephone or
A. Identifiers mobile contact number, unique YES
personal identifier, online identifier,
Internet Protocol address, email
address, and account name

B. Personal information Name, contact information, education,
as defined in the employment, employment history, and NO
California Customer financial information
Records statute

C. Protected Gender, age, date of birth, race and
classification ethnicity, national origin, marital NO
characteristics under status, and other demographic data
state or federal law
D. Commercial Transaction information, purchase
information history, financial details, and payment YES
information

E. Biometric informationFingerprints and voiceprintsNO

Browsing history, search history,
F. Internet or other online behavior, interest data, and
similar network activity interactions with our and other YES
websites, applications, systems, and
advertisements

G. Geolocation dataDevice location YES

H. Audio, electronic, Images and audio, video or call
sensory, or similar recordings created in connection with YES
information our business activities
Business contact details in order to
I. Professional or provide you our Services at a
employment-related business level or job title, work history, NO
information and professional qualifications if you
apply for a job with us

J. Education Information Student records and directory NO
information

Inferences drawn from any of the
K. Inferences drawn collected personal information listed
from collected personal above to create a profile or summary YES
information about, for example, an individual’s
preferences and characteristics

L. Sensitive personal NO
Information

We may also collect other personal information outside of these categories
through instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone
or mail in the context of:

Receiving help through our customer support channels;

Participation in customer surveys or contests; and


Facilitation in the delivery of our Services and to respond to your
inquiries.

We will use and retain the collected personal information as needed to
provide the Services or for:

Category A - As long as the user has an account with us

Category D - As long as the user has an account with us

Category F - As long as the user has an account with us

Category G - As long as the user has an account with us

Category H - As long as the user has an account with us

Category K - As long as the user has an account with us

Sources of Personal Information

Learn more about the sources of personal information we collect in "WHAT
INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? "

How We Use and Share Personal Information

Learn more about how we use your personal information in the section,
"HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?"

Will your information be shared with anyone else?

We may disclose your personal information with our service providers
pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. Learn
more about how we disclose personal information to in the section, "WHEN
AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? "

We may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such
as for undertaking internal research for technological development and
demonstration. This is not considered to be "selling" of your personal
information.

We have not sold or shared any personal information to third parties for a
business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We
have disclosed the following categories of personal information to third
parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12)
months:

Category A. Identifiers

Category D. Commercial information

Category F. Internet or other electronic network activity information

Category G. Geolocation data

Category H. Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information

Category K. Inferences drawn from collected personal information

The categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information for
a business or commercial purpose can be found under "WHEN AND WITH
WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? "

Your Rights

You have rights under certain US state data protection laws. However, these
rights are not absolute, and in certain cases, we may decline your request as
permitted by law. These rights include:

Right to know whether or not we are processing your personal data

Right to access your personal data

Right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data

Right to request the deletion of your personal data

Right to obtain a copy of the personal data you previously shared
with us

Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights

Right to opt out of the processing of your personal data if it is used
for targeted advertising (or sharing as defined under California’s
privacy law), the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of
decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects ("profiling")


Depending upon the state where you live, you may also have the following
rights:

Right to access the categories of personal data being processed (as
permitted by applicable law, including the privacy law in Minnesota)

Right to obtain a list of the categories of third parties to which we have
disclosed personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including the
privacy law in California, Delaware, and Maryland)

Right to obtain a list of specific third parties to which we have disclosed
personal data (as permitted by applicable law, including the privacy law
in Minnesota and Oregon)

Right to obtain a list of third parties to which we have sold personal
data (as permitted by applicable law, including the privacy law in
Connecticut)

Right to review, understand, question, and depending on where you
live, correct how personal data has been profiled (as permitted by
applicable law, including the privacy law in Connecticut and Minnesota)

Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal data (as
permitted by applicable law, including the privacy law in California)

Right to opt out of the collection of sensitive data and personal data
collected through the operation of a voice or facial recognition feature
(as permitted by applicable law, including the privacy law in Florida)

How to Exercise Your Rights

To exercise these rights, you can contact us by submitting a data subject
access request, by emailing us at support@martinezstudio.dev, or by
referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.

Under certain US state data protection laws, you can designate an
authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. We may deny a request
from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been
validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with applicable laws.

Request Verification

Upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine
you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system.
We will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your
identity or authority to make the request. However, if we cannot verify your
identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that
you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity
and for security or fraud-prevention purposes.

If you submit the request through an authorized agent, we may need to
collect additional information to verify your identity before processing your
request and the agent will need to provide a written and signed permission
from you to submit such request on your behalf.

Appeals

Under certain US state data protection laws, if we decline to take action
regarding your request, you may appeal our decision by emailing us at
support@martinezstudio.dev. We will inform you in writing of any action taken
or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the
reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a
complaint to your state attorney general.

11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?

In Short: Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with
relevant laws.

We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time. The updated version
will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date at the top of this Privacy
Notice. If we make material changes to this Privacy Notice, we may notify
you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly
sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this Privacy Notice
frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS
NOTICE?


If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at
support@martinezstudio.dev 

13. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE
THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?

Based on the applicable laws of your country or state of residence in the US,
you may have the right to request access to the personal information we
collect from you, details about how we have processed it, correct
inaccuracies, or delete your personal information. You may also have the
right to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information.
These rights may be limited in some circumstances by applicable law. To
request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please fill out
and submit a data subject access request.

